Removing outdated limitations in Searchable Snapshots describing KNN is not compatible. (#8817)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot.md

      - node.search.cache.size=50gb
```

> - Since 2.18, k-NN indices (NMSLIB and FAISS) now support searchable snapshots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting with version 2.18, k-NN indexes now support searchable snapshots for the NMSLIB and Faiss engines.
```

- Searching remote data can impact the performance of other queries running on the same node. We recommend that users provision dedicated nodes with the `search` role for performance-critical applications.
- For better search performance, consider [force merging]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/force-merge/) indexes into a smaller number of segments before taking a snapshot. For the best performance, at the cost of using compute resources prior to snapshotting, force merge your index into one segment.
- We recommend configuring a maximum ratio of remote data to local disk cache size using the `cluster.filecache.remote_data_ratio` setting. A ratio of 5 is a good starting point for most workloads to ensure good query performance. If the ratio is too large, then there may not be sufficient disk space to handle the search workload. For more details on the maximum ratio of remote data, see issue [#11676](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/11676).

> - k-NN native-engine-based indexes using `faiss` and `nmslib` engines are incompatible with searchable snapshots.

Reviewer 2: I know we are removing this line here, but somewhere I was thinking we should add that this feature is supported with k-NN indices. May be before `Create a searchable snapshot index` we can add a note saying from 2.18 version of Opensearch Searchable snapshots are supported with K-NN indices.

Author: Updated.

- Searching remote data can impact the performance of other queries running on the same node. We recommend that users provision dedicated nodes with the `search` role for performance-critical applications.
- For better search performance, consider [force merging]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/index-apis/force-merge/) indexes into a smaller number of segments before taking a snapshot. For the best performance, at the cost of using compute resources prior to snapshotting, force merge your index into one segment.
- We recommend configuring a maximum ratio of remote data to local disk cache size using the `cluster.filecache.remote_data_ratio` setting. A ratio of 5 is a good starting point for most workloads to ensure good query performance. If the ratio is too large, then there may not be sufficient disk space to handle the search workload. For more details on the maximum ratio of remote data, see issue [#11676](https://github.com/opensearch-project/OpenSearch/issues/11676).

> - Since 2.18, k-NN indices (NMSLIB and FAISS) now support searchable snapshots.

Reviewer 2: this is limitation section.

Author: oh shoot, my bad.
I just move the line before the section you mentioned.
